W-21461047-update-http-connector-feedback-sis (#3168)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: http/1.11/modules/ROOT/pages/http-request-ref.adoc

When requesting a large payload, you can choose to stream the response by selecting the *Stream response* field in the HTTP *Request* global configuration.

> By default, the *Stream response* box is deselected (`false`). When you select this box (`true`), you enable Mule to manage the HTTP response as a stream by saving chunks to an in-memory buffer. The *Response buffer size* defaults to `-1` (buffer size not limited; system-defined). You can set a positive value (in bytes) to limit the buffer; however, to avoid buffering issues, it's important to consume responses when streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the *Stream response* box is deselected (`false`). When you select this box (`true`), you enable Mule to manage the HTTP response as a stream by saving chunks to an in-memory buffer. The *Response buffer size* value defaults to `-1`, which means that the buffer size isn't limited and that the connector uses a system-defined default. You can set a positive value (in bytes) to limit the buffer, however, to avoid buffering issues, it's important to consume responses when streaming.
```
